#summary Use case for handling the checkout process.
#labels Phase-Requirements,UseCases

= Introduction =

*Description:*

Puts an order in for the user's selected books to buy.

*Preconditions:*
 # The user is logged in to a registered and active account.
 # The user has at least one book in his/her shopping cart.

*Postconditions:*
 # The user's order will be processed and the seller will be alerted that a request for his/her book(s) has been made.
 # The selected book(s) will no longer be for sale.

= Basic Course of Action =

 # A user wants to check out and place an order for the selected books in his/her shopping cart.
 # The user visits his/her shopping cart page.
 # The user clicks the "Checkout" button.
 # The user enters his/her password for their bookstore account (for security reasons).
 # The user enters his/her shipping address.
 # The user is provided with a confirmation page for their order, allowing him/her to change quantities, remove items, or cancel.
 # The user selects a billing method (Paypal or Google Checkout, for example).
 # The user is brought to the third-party's website to continue the payment process.
 # Once the payment is sent, the system receives confirmation that the payment completed successfully.
 # The user returns to the bookstore website to view a confirmation screen for their order.
 # An message is sent to the seller informing him/her about the purchased book.
 # A message is sent to the buyer with order details.
 # The book is removed from the listing page and can no longer be purchased.
 # Use case ends.